Assets/outline.md, before:

5DRAGONS: PROJECT SHEET
=======================

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-swag.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-c-sharp.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/60-percent-of-the-time-works-every-time.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)


Project Structure
-----------------
- `def` Enemy, character and dialog definitions
- `graphics` Graphics files and sprites
- `logic` All the code and logic of the game
- `misc` Files with tentative inclusion in the project, off-repo links to said tentative inclusions, and maintanaince scripts.
- `sound` All audio and background tracks
- `unity` Unity and unity ~~accessories~~files.

###NB
Files with the extenstion .gz are **archived**, and may be legacy code or files that may be reincluded at a later date

Main links
----------

##Trello:
- <https://trello.com/b/CLcHaZaW/agile-tasklist-for-game>
- <https://trello.com/invite/b/CLcHaZaW/596ae0719fbdf2e2cc76aa24693dd9a5/agile-tasklist-for-game (Invite link)>
- Agile development queue (with annotations)
##Slack:
- <https://kompot-tfs.slack.com/>
- Research and planning chat, as well as secondary file storage & communication
##WhatsApp:
- <https://chat.whatsapp.com/FMY3vHiqBRHIod3fdxCxbu>
- Semi-formal chat, general purpose, intended primary communication channel
##Google Drive:
- <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GUgiy8EMZDn8cgWhRgNoMHHtF2FGHqCs?usp=sharing>
- Primary file storage
##Unity:
- <https://id.unity.com/en/organizations/kompot-studios>
- (Join is invite only, message Archie about it)
##GitHub:
- <https://github.com/kompot-studios>
- (To be used in the post-demo period, check the guide for setting it all up)


Media links
-----------
- [What is YAML?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML)
- [DaST help](http://atlasjan.sdf.org/dl/dast-doc/dast.html)
- <https://youtu.be/uZNsc-jWk9g>


License
-------

Tales from Seingolm: Rule of the Five Dragons -- Role-playing Videogame
Copyright (C) 2019  Anand Thrakar Brown, Archie Sullivan & Danny O'Dwyer

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Started on a few things, ended up tagging the entire repo.

Assets/outline.md, after:

5DRAGONS: PROJECT SHEET
=======================

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-swag.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-c-sharp.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/60-percent-of-the-time-works-every-time.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)


Project Structure
-----------------
- `arc` Archive for things that may be included in the project at a later date.
- `def` Enemy, character and dialog definitions
- `graphics` Graphics files and sprites
- `logic` All the code and logic of the game
- `misc` Files with tentative inclusion in the project, off-repo links to said tentative inclusions, and maintanaince scripts.
- `sound` All audio and background tracks
- `unity` Unity and unity ~~accessories~~files.

###NB
Files with the extenstion .gz are **archived**, and may be legacy code or files that may be reincluded at a later date

Main links
----------

##Trello:
- <https://trello.com/b/CLcHaZaW/agile-tasklist-for-game>
- <https://trello.com/invite/b/CLcHaZaW/596ae0719fbdf2e2cc76aa24693dd9a5/agile-tasklist-for-game (Invite link)>
- Agile development queue (with annotations)
##Slack:
- <https://kompot-tfs.slack.com/>
- Research and planning chat, as well as secondary file storage & communication
##WhatsApp:
- <https://chat.whatsapp.com/FMY3vHiqBRHIod3fdxCxbu>
- Semi-formal chat, general purpose, intended primary communication channel
##Google Drive:
- <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GUgiy8EMZDn8cgWhRgNoMHHtF2FGHqCs?usp=sharing>
- Primary file storage
##Unity:
- <https://id.unity.com/en/organizations/kompot-studios>
- (Join is invite only, message Archie about it)
##GitHub:
- <https://github.com/kompot-studios>
- (To be used in the post-demo period, check the guide for setting it all up)


Media links
-----------
- [What is YAML?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML)
- [DaST help](http://atlasjan.sdf.org/dl/dast-doc/dast.html)
- <https://youtu.be/uZNsc-jWk9g>


License
-------

Tales from Seingolm: Rule of the Five Dragons -- Role-playing Videogame
Copyright (C) 2019  Anand Thrakar Brown, Archie Sullivan & Danny O'Dwyer

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
